# CS-465
Full Stack Development
This repo holds the application for the full stack development course.

Module Eight Journal Reflection:

This project uses two types of frontend architecture, Express/HTML with Handlebars and an Angular single page application. The Express frontend works well for dynamically rendering content from a database across multiple pages while the Angular SPA excels at providing a simple interface for site administration. The use of a MongoDB database allows this project to store content in a single collection that can be edited with the SPA and the changes will be reflected across the application. JSON is different from JavaScript in that JavaScript is a programming language for creating dynamic web applications and JSON is simply a format that allows data to be sent between layers of an application or over the internet in a consistent way that can be understood. This enables communication between the front and back ends, for example trip entries from the database being sent as JSON to be rendered with Handlebars. Handlebars made reusing interface components easy by creating a resuable template that could be populated with different kinds of data such as trips or hotels. I used the template from the trips page as a model to refactor the other pages such that they all dynamically render content with Handlebars, improving efficiency. Testing API endpoints was simple with Postman, which generates HTTP request methods to simulate interactions with the API and display responses. Once each API endpoint was coded, it could then be tested with Postman to ensure it functions properly. When security was added, this became only slightly more complex as the application would require a secure token for certain interactions. Overall, this course has helped me towards my professional goals by giving me more experience in full stack development. I believe that practice will make the biggest difference in my ability as a developer and this course has allowed me to practice each week and better understand the full stack process.
